Combat -- There are NPCs in the rooms that will move to a random room. You
have the choice to wage war against these vermin even though they will never
attack you first. The NPCs have inventories and you will be able to pick up 
whatever they drop upon their deaths. You will be prompted to select an item
to use in your battles, but make sure that is an item that does damage. 

You can test the combat feature in zorkplus.zork (in this same directory) 
by going to a room with items and adding them to your inventory. Once you
have an item you think will deal damage (knives, swords, etc), set off to
find your first NPC victim. Once you have found someone by cycling through
the rooms, type "fight 'NPCname'". Then you will be prompted with which
item you want to use in your fight, if your weaponc can deal damage the
fight will progress, otherwise you will be given a helpful message. Assuming
your weapon does damage, you will be asked how many times you want to attack
. Eventually the NPC will fall and the items in their inventory will drop, 
allowing you to pick them up if you have inventory space. That NPC will
cease to exist and you are free to continue maneuvering through the dungeon.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
NPCs -- Some rooms will have NPCs within them that are able to teleport
randomly to new rooms. You will be able to battle these NPCs as well as 
trade with them. 

You can test the trade feature with the NPCs by typing "tradeWith 'NPCname'"
You will then be prompted for what you want to give up and also what you 
want in return. Upon completion of the trade, the new item will be in your
inventory, which you can see by typing "i" and the old item will be in the
inventory of the NPC the trade was conducted with. Also, as you move through
the dungeon the NPCs will not be in the same position every time, they may
be in a room you had visited earlier.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
